Do you have a hidden talent?
Have you ever broken the law?
We all hate waiting in line. But what is the one thing you wouldn’t mind standing in line for?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
Describe the most embarrassing moment of your life.
What was the last lie you told? 
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done?
Have you ever called in sick when…you know…you really weren’t?
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
If you could be invisible, what’s the first thing you would do?
What’s a secret you kept from your parents?
If you had to only ever watch a movie what it would be?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What five things would you bring to a deserted island?
If you could only accomplish three things in life, what would they be?
Do you have a celebrity crush? Who is he/she?
Do you have any phobias?

-----------------------------------------
Do 10 squats.
Start singing your favorite song.
Show the last three photos taken from your phone photo galery.
Stand on one foot for 3 minutes.
Try to lick your elbow.
Dance the gangnam style dance.
Do 10 jumping jacks.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Bark like a dog.
Play air guitar for 1 minute.
Read aloud the last five things you searched on your phone.
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth.
Sing everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Wear a finger moustache for the next 5 minutes.
Spin around 10 times.
Say the following with a German accent 
"Betty Botter bought some butter
But she said the butter’s bitter
If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter
But a bit of better butter will make my batter better
So ‘twas better Betty Botter bought a bit of better butter"
